Have own Sphinx object inventory available at Sphinx build time. (#330)
twisted/pydoctor: docs/source/usage.rst

* methods -> ``:py:meth:``
* attributes -> ``:py:attr:``

Use this mapping in Sphinx by configure the `intersphinx extension`__.

__ https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/intersphinx.html

For an up to date lists of API links,
run pydoctor before building the Sphinx documentation.

You can use the `--make-intersphinx` option to only generate the object inventory file.

You will then reference this file inside the Sphinx `intersphinx_mapping`.

Note that relative paths are relative to the Sphinx source directory.
You might need to exit the source and reference the build directory::

    intersphinx_mapping = {

>         'twisted': ('https://twistedmatrix.com/documents/current/api/', '../../build/apidocs/objects.inv'),

Author: Yes. This is docs for the first case ... but it's about using pydoctor and sphinx without the extra pydoctor-extensison.

for pydoctor + Sphinx you no longer need a local path. The extension takes are of automatically detecting and injecting that path.

  :py:attr:`twisted:twisted.protocols.amp.BinaryBoxProtocol.boxReceiver`

> Building pydoctor together with Sphinx HTML build or on Read The Docs
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Author: ```suggestion
Building pydoctor together with Sphinx HTML build
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

When running pydoctor with HTML generation it will generate a set of static
HTML files that can be used any HTTP server.

Under some circumstances (ex Read The Docs) you might want to trigger the
pydoctor API docs build together with the Sphinx build.

This can be done by using the :py:mod:`pydoctor.sphinx_ext.build_apidocs` extension.

Inside your Sphinx `conf.py` file enable and configure the extension in this
way.::

    extensions.append("pydoctor.sphinx_ext.build_apidocs)

    pydoctor_args = [
        '--project-name=YOUR-PROJECT-NAME',
        '--project-url=YOUR-PROJECT-HOME-URL',
        '--docformat=epytext',
        '--intersphinx=https://docs.python.org/3/objects.inv',
        '--html-viewsource-base=https://github.com/ORG/REPO/tree/default',
        '--html-output={outdir}/api',
        '--project-base-dir=path/to/source/code',
        'path/to/source/code/package1'
        ]

>     pydoctor_url_fragment = '/en/{rtd_version}/api/'

Author: ```suggestion
    pydoctor_url_path = '/en/{rtd_version}/api/'
```

You can pass almost any argument to `pydoctor_args`
in the same way you call `pydoctor` from the command line.

You should not pass the `--make-html`, `--make-intersphinx` or `--quiet`
arguments as this will break the build.

> The extension will add them automatically.

Reviewer: For my understanding: `--make-html` and `--quiet` are auto-added, while `--make-intersphinx` is not auto-added, but having that option enabled would break the output because no HTML would be produced by pydoctor, correct?

> The extension will add them automatically.

Author: Well. Adding those arguments will not break the build .. at least for now.

So if you add them, nothing would happen.

But to leave some space for future changes, I prefer to document it in this way.

> The extension will add them automatically.

Author: I feel that this is a dev tools and there is not much value in making the tool bullet-proof.
The whole extension is a hack... quite fragile..but for now it works.

> The extension will add them automatically.

Reviewer: My issue is not with the code being fragile, but with the documentation suggesting that the code is more fragile than it actually is. I'd like to think that the extension will become less fragile over time. So if it can handle these arguments now, why would it be a problem to keep it that way in the future?

And if there really is no way to stay compatible, we're likely making such invasive changes that argument lists need to be revised anyway. Do you have a particular scenario in mind where this warning will pay off? Because I can't think of one.

> The `pydoctor_url_fragment` is an URL fragment,

Author: ```suggestion
The `pydoctor_url_path` is an URL path,
```

relative to your public API documentation site.

> `{rtd_version}` will be replaced with the Read The Docs version.

Author: ```suggestion
`{rtd_version}` will be replaced with the Read The Docs version (`stable` , `latest`, tag name).
```

Under some circumstances (ex Read The Docs) you might want to trigger the
pydoctor API docs build together with the Sphinx build.

This can be done by using the :py:mod:`pydoctor.sphinx_ext.build_apidocs` extension.

Inside your Sphinx `conf.py` file enable and configure the extension in this
way.::

    extensions.append("pydoctor.sphinx_ext.build_apidocs)

    pydoctor_args = [
        '--project-name=YOUR-PROJECT-NAME',
        '--project-url=YOUR-PROJECT-HOME-URL',
        '--docformat=epytext',
        '--intersphinx=https://docs.python.org/3/objects.inv',
        '--html-viewsource-base=https://github.com/ORG/REPO/tree/default',
        '--html-output={outdir}/api',
        '--project-base-dir=path/to/source/code',
        'path/to/source/code/package1'
        ]

    pydoctor_url_path = '/en/{rtd_version}/api/'

You can pass almost any argument to `pydoctor_args`
in the same way you call `pydoctor` from the command line.

> You should not pass the `--make-html`, `--make-intersphinx` or `--quiet`
> arguments as this can break the build.
> The extension will add them automatically.

Author: What about?

```suggestion
You don't need to pass the `--make-html`, `--make-intersphinx` or `--quiet`
arguments.
The extension will add them automatically.
```

Reviewer: That's fine, but you'd also have to remove `--make-intersphinx` from the list then.

By the way, I checked the code and `--make-intersphinx` does nothing if `--make-html` is passed as well, so it is harmless.
